Script for OCI / FN / Wercker Workshop





Alpha Office has an existing web application that is running on premises. The application is built mainly in Java, but it includes other languages such as JavaScript, NodeJS, and also pulls data from a Database.



Alpha office is experiencing several application and infrastructure problems due to the success of their online store. First, their existing on-premises hardware is not able to handle the increased traffic they are experiencing. Second, they are not able to implement new software releases quickly enough due to their manual release processes managed by a single developer.

With the success of their online presence, Alpha Office recognizes that their site is critical to their business and has decided to increase investment in the application. They are hiring more developers to work on the site, which they know will exacerbate their development and deployment challenges.

As a final challenge, Alpha Office is looking to add a social aspect to their online store, which would allow their customers to write reviews and upload images showing how they use Alpha Office products. The CPU intensive nature of processing these images, along with unpredictable traffic patterns, is causing Alpha Office concern about procuring on-premises hardware, which might often site idle.



During the workshop, the Developer(s) and operations team (DevOps) to work together to automate their build and deployment pipeline. They will take the independent pieces of their application (Java, JavaScript, NodesJS), and “containerize” those applications using Wercker. The will then have the “containerized” applications automatically stored in a Continer Registry, which will be deployed to an Oracle Managed Kubernetes service using the orchestration features of Wercker workflows and pipelines. The containers will be deployed in an Oracle OCI Tenant, and will be configured to scaled according to needs, and also meet the availability requirements of Alpha Office. All of this is accomplished as-is, with no code changes required to their existing application.



The DevOps team will also create “Blue Green” deployments using Wercker, allowing them to become much more agile and more quickly and confidently implement new features into a production environment, because they can now easily revert back to the previous version of their application if issues are encountered.



The development team will also implement the image uploading, transformation, and resizing function using the Oracle Serverless/FN Project. This will allow Alpha Office to avoid acquiring more hardware to support this new functionality. Given its unpredictable usage patterns, Alpha Office wants to avoid over-paying for resources they don't need, but still guarantee performance during peak load.

 
